I want to add support for a /dev/net/tun device for userspace wireguard.
Even though its made to not use /dev/net/tun, it can still be useful if you want to let userspace wireguard manage your connections
since it has a vast feature space and does not mess with system routing, but still want a tunnel interface so you have better support
to route traffic of any application. This is then the same as Tailscale where Wireguard is also userspace wiht data plane but it still exposes 
a tunnel interface. (like we support different transport modes)

so its optional, and must be explicitly enabled, and users not supporting /dev/net/tun are still a primary target.
Even if enabled, then socks5 and http and port forwards/reverse forwards still must work.

What you should do: if a tunnel interface is used you should install netstack on it.
I want to have control over the direct TCP/UDP/ICMP transport stream over it, just like how we convert TCP to transport streams
to userspace so we can invoke connect(2) and write(2) calls (terminating TCP control flow).
The same must be true for the userspace interface, and this is necessary to still support other features as then technically
we still own the IP assigned in ugwsocks and the port assignments on them.

This means that if a TCP connection is reached through the tun interface, you terminate it, convert to stream, start a new TCP
connection on wireguard, forward. for UDP you just forward the packets. You keep the source IP (so you transperantly bind)

The same is for reverse. When tun0 is enabled by default you disable the 'default fallback' to system userspace networking
invvolving connect(2) calls and such. This can be re-enabled, especially if the tun0 device was created without the privilege/will
to update kernel routing so it can carry 0.0.0.0/0 traffic. Since we handle the L4 streams seperately makes this really possible.

You assign the IP (as in the kernel) the tunnel assigned IP on it. 

also important: unlike kernel wireguard relayed traffic between wireguard peers do not flow in/out of the tun0 device, they are just handled internally

